Simplify setup guide (#40)
sse-secure-systems/connaisseur: README.md

**Connaisseur** solves this problem by bringing image signature verification into Kubernetes. It uses the already existing Docker Content Trust solution and adds it to the cluster as a mutating admission controller. It pulls trust data from *Notary* and verifies it before any commitment to Kubernetes happens.

## Demo

> We provide two public sample images for testing. Setting the trust anchor of Connaisseur to our public key allows you to have a working demo in just a few minutes. Below you see a full setup starting [MicroK8s](https://microk8s.io/) as a test cluster, installation of Connaisseur and testing with a signed and unsigned image.

Reviewer: Would put a comma after below. Afaik its necessary if there could be confusion, and it could read "below, you see" or "below you, see"

Reviewer: "MicroK8s as a test cluster" sounds weird, why not "a Micro test cluster?

> We provide two public sample images for testing. Setting the trust anchor of Connaisseur to our public key allows you to have a working demo in just a few minutes. Below you see a full setup starting [MicroK8s](https://microk8s.io/) as a test cluster, installation of Connaisseur and testing with a signed and unsigned image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide two public sample images for testing. Setting the trust anchor of Connaisseur to our public key allows you to have a working demo in just a few minutes. Below, you see a full setup starting a [MicroK8s](https://microk8s.io/) test cluster, installing of Connaisseur and testing with a signed and unsigned image.
```

![](img/connaisseur_demo.gif)

> Make sure `kubectl`, `helm`, `docker`, `git`, `yq` and `make` are installed. Your `kubectl` context should be set to your Kubernetes test cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure `docker`, `git`, `helm`, `kubectl`, `make` and `yq` are installed. Your `kubectl` context should be set to your Kubernetes test cluster.
```
